[RUM] Add technical limitations (#32678)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/browser/troubleshooting.md

}
```

> If an event or a request goes beyond any of limitations listed [here][], it is rejected by the Datadog intake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an event or a request goes beyond any of the [listed RUM technical limitations][16], it is rejected by the Datadog intake.
```

Reviewer: hi @MaelNamNam I think there was some confusion about where the technical limitations was published but I just disregarded that comment. however the link here was missing, and my suggestion was about making the text more clear than "here".
